but the guys are these news from the sleeve
the aipo tube the initials
and here and here for the acronym find to pay
my already we will have to say the like a
my opinion because the bold fig and I hope
let it be a daughter anyway we pass immediately
to things center and gas as an event
titled place plus a video contest
which I think will call subscribed boom contests
I like it and you're wondering
this very moment
but in this way one wins in this
shit contest then there will be first
and second in place then the first place
a videogame will be brought home for 23 years
it is the discovery between fire however if you
you are already complaining because surely
you will think that the game that you can
winning will not be for your console
rest assured shottini because me
I protect everyone and I mean everyone in fact
will win the first place can
choose a game between for ps4 la
middle ground the shadow of mordor biting
of source on sex or suspect do not vote
minecraft and we strong drigo and xbox one
assassin's creed 4 jacked edition devil
whitney and minecraft for the ps3 gran
tourism 6 smokes piece unlimited
world red and minecraft for xbox 360
kinect formula 1 2014 I read marvel super
heroes skyhd and minecraft last but not
last for pc because quiet users
I'm not just thinking about the console
rest assured to the chief towns dogs the
lord of the rings guard of the north e
I efforts of these times you play
among which you can choose one
I write them all in description and so
you can see them more calmly
2 please don't complain with sentences
of the type but it is joe and demi shit
where is my scared 17
which is the one for pc you are for ps4 year
guys, I did my best
so I don't know how to be satisfied anyway
the prizes for the first place end here
as I had already announced to you before
as the good branch decided to
sponsor now I want to reciprocate
make myself useful for the community
youtube Italian jana in that sense
the first in place besides winning a
game between the games mentioned above if a
youtube newspaper will also be
sponsored by me in the video in which
w announcements f bloom but there is frax
consolidated for merit mica case ok ok
ok, calm, calm, calm
I know this thing could be born
so rest assured I think in the future
when they start fighting a little
channels that deserve i think too
maybe you owe them that it was a video on purpose
for that is rare ganz and has native count
of this the second place will receive only
a prize that would be the
sponsorship
obviously to make me useful at most
without when place does not win a channel
that there is no video upload is that it is not
a youtube channel
obviously it will be named in the video is
beautiful company will appear
but I will extract other channels until
I can't find a channel that loads videos that
then take the sponsorship
I'm really a man full of ideals and
so meaningless to participate in
contest
what needs to be done must be shared
this video on facebook tagging 3
your friends then three is the number
perfect comment with the bate can
yes maybe even with a little more emphasis
would be accepted anyway and leave a
nice like this video I do not ask you to
sign up compulsorily because it will be
most proud the long channel interests
of the inactive members are
practically null instead of serial vi
like you interested
the advice to register if you are already
nice subscribers for you
same charge for the facebook page
needed pleasure I leave the link in
description the contest will close by
today at three weeks then the
April 25th of course the game that
will choose who will win the first place
will be new and packed with that
smoke of freshly bought plastic and vi
will be shipped to me
all the info the rules anyway for
safety sails I leave in the info box
along with the games to choose when it is
strange to the two winners I will check
personally that they have done the three
and mandatory duties ie
sharing tagging three people the
comment and like if something is missing
extract another boy this is
I hope you all like me
really liked the truth
above all the fact of being able to reciprocate
the favor done by fax to me I don't know
looks like a nice thing I hope to look for
you almost apologize for this
huge cold but unfortunately though
had I have to keep it for now sorry if
in this video the brightness is perhaps
been a little scarce but practically I have
broken the light bulb I used to do before
the videos and now I'm like a cassette
when I go there to buy
which new video ends with him
here I hope that by participating in so many
find the facebook page link e
instagram in description of the com